---
layout: post
title: Desample and Deslice
published: true
comments: true
---

This is a hyper-technical post, only for despicable freaks like me.
Maybe somebody is looking for a similar functions so if that's the case, feel free to copy paste.
For a project I'm working on I needed to sample a tensor, but keep it inside the original tensorflow graph.
So I had to sample the tensor, keep the reminder, and then get back the original tensor together, as if
nothing had happened. I found a way to do it. I call it sample and desample. For another part of the project
I needed a random slice of a multidimensional tensor, and put it back to its original form, to have it
back in the graph. I call it slice and deslice. I'm going to explain how I did it, and how it works.
You can find the code [here](https://github.com/LuCeHe/GenericTools/blob/master/GenericTools/keras_tools/convenience_operations.py), 
and give a try to the containing package that I'm building [here](https://github.com/LuCeHe/GenericTools).
I'd love to get some feedback.




{% if page.comments %} 



<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>

/**
*  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
*  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables*/
/*
var disqus_config = function () {
this.page.url = PAGE_URL;  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
this.page.identifier = PAGE_IDENTIFIER; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
};
*/
(function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
s.src = 'https://https-lucehe-github-io.disqus.com/embed.js';
s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
(d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
})();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>



{% endif %}
