---
layout: post
title: Starting a Startup
published: true
comments: true
---

It's been since last Feb, that I've been working with two friends on what we
would like to become a full-fledged startup. Since
we are all busy with our own lives, we have been working on this project honestly too little for my taste.
Since as well I have to control my tendencies to follow blindly my enthusiasm, 
I've been isolating the hours I allow myself to work on it on Sats.

Small interruption! I'm testing Github Copilot, an AI system that helps you 
code faster. It's pretty cool. I'm letting it
complete some of the sentences of this post for me! This is cool but strange.

We called our startup attempt [Kiwano](https://www.google.com/search?q=kiwano&rlz=1C1CHBD_deCA794CA794&sxsrf=ALiCzsYBrUCwh9fyAbFF7r_8KpivQfgztw:1668093155957&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwj1_oyg86P7AhXOMMAKHY2GCREQ_AUoAXoECAIQAw&biw=1280&bih=616&dpr=1.5), 
as the fruit, and we have as well our [website](https://onekiwano.github.io/).
Basically we want to combine our curiosity for AI and cryptos, and build a product
to learn to make a business. I think our steps are steady. Even if we can't work
on it as many hours as it deserves, what I find remarkable is that we have been, 
what's the word, consistent (thanks Copi). We meet every Wed, religiously. And
objectively, there's every week more code, every week more focused code. We are deploying
already Deep Reinforcement Learning crypto trading bot to live test, which is 
already a remarkable achievement IMO, seen from the inside, as the seed that 
observes its own growth.

More to come!

{% if page.comments %} 



<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>

/**
*  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
*  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables*/
/*
var disqus_config = function () {
this.page.url = PAGE_URL;  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
this.page.identifier = PAGE_IDENTIFIER; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
};
*/
(function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
s.src = 'https://https-lucehe-github-io.disqus.com/embed.js';
s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
(d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
})();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>



{% endif %}
